good music tomorrow our very own organ
Asia is gonna have a big birthday bash
at the bay side expo center and the only
thing that changed about the original
advertised lineup is the venue and some
extra people are coming now so Asia
going them on the phone right now one of
them on the phone right now everybody
yeah yeah okay to dance anointed that's
a sarong hottest DJs from NYC right now
on the live DJ live himself although I
mean and why should this matters
national mastoid national it's a nice
game of a bt fine yeah I'm satellite
dishes manual worldwide what people on
the space he rushes on the space station
or this dude every day I watch in
Czechoslovakia yeah he shall live is
live with some detail on alive live
document over there what's good man
what's good i got those i was telling
everybody how you gonna just hold it
down tomorrow night oh yeah we're gonna
make it happen the morning i know a lot
of people talking about your live in
coming to the set your fix for seven
beantown imma beat anymore gonna throw
it down tomorrow i'll be at the expo
fareham are we gonna be doing a phase at
pd miss all of the naysayers all of the
haters you understand relying on
illinois you ever wear your Yankees cap
oh no oh man you know you know you know
yankee about you know handle back you
know nothing like window if it sorry
pizza yo so made you know the best thing
of all is right now wheelchair more
baseball actually when you're just mad
or a chance man alive which one Tom to
be honest you I'm a dying man but you
know right now sign all New England said
only with Buffalo even over listen
gentlemen he's gonna be the guy with the
Yankees cap on so do whatever you want
to do to her ass he's not mommy I wanna
sing sing back on Tuesday is gonna be
injured on industry sir okay we got
nothing but love you love you mad
excited that you coming through the
other side you know the Boston is like
my second home right now you know what i
want i'm only messing around by the Red
Sox new england soccer football fan
really you know saying i love the new
it's a whole new wheeler area sign up
y'all Beantown Massachusetts man I love
y'all up there we gonna have so much fun
tomorrow night you know imma imma get on
the wheel to see I'm gonna do a little
something special you don't mean happy
birthday on the microphone you know it's
like being a house party or something
like that like we get that house for you
to change people yes head live o.o each
other people out there right now off the
top your head two songs that are gonna
be huge by say the beginning of the air
two songs that people have nerd now you
predict they're gonna be huge by the
building of the year next shift by the
beginning of the year yeah yeah 3 pinned
about three months they're gonna be huge
jewels now now you've heard what the
public haven't heard them you have
anything of anything you can tell us
what to look out for which artists to
look awful um if you know I gotta fuck
him some of the people that I work with
you know nothing brother is very close
to like I've worked on first and
foremost it's definitely definitely
gotta look for my brother Mark
McLaughlin who is right now he just got
done writing for one of the movies i
don't want put it out there because it
hasn't dropped yet but a big movie
coming out either so long as himself
she's about he's a pretty very well as
the arm be artists and also my man Jay
Merck who works with on Taylor kennel
who in the Latin world deal again was
very
large very very small channel jaimer
guess who works with me now he's coming
out on his own independent so I'm
actually helping them also on the side
with Kaiser you guys look for them
they're gonna be very long on the flip
side now as the far as relevant it was
out exactly right now pumping in the
street yeah mom who's your pick under
than other than the other than the jig
I'm sex I know right NASA that's just
unknown well I'm here to look out for
Alicia Keys i'ma tell you that look out
for Lisa you know I got shot my boy
Dirty Harry he's on right now going back
and going back in the kitchen working on
some things for her album she actually
just dropped a single shot i'm probably
being a lot more I'm Alicia is gonna be
big in the beginning I'm definitely
armed you know what I heard this
actually you know saying on the flip
side urges movado tune the other day
yeah oh I don't know the name of it but
I heard it decided to summon Alicia Keys
righty these are the collaboration with
alicia keys yeah yeah definitely matter
of fact that was anybody was a straight
straight yardi record from a bottle it
was off the chain that record i gotta
feeling' gonna cross over to America and
i gotta feeling' probably come around
the beginning of 2010 that records going
because i'm gonna get the names because
now i'm thinking about like I guess
recommend protection right there
tomorrow live DJ live gonna be inside
expo center health care is his birthday
bash your did I just get up you're safe
and suit amor have a good evening